README.md, before:

# FunctionsBCR
 General purpose utility functions for science and data operations at Bird Conservancy of the Rockies

## Package contents
### Analysis
```BCI``` Given a vector of MCMC posterior estimates for a parameter, provides a summary of the posterior median and credible interval<br>
```logit``` Converts a probability to the logit scale<br>
```expit``` Converts a logit probability to the probability scale<br>
```RunNimbleParallel``` Wrapper function for fitting a Bayesian model in Nimble while implementing parallel processing and automated checking of convergence (Rhat) and sampling (n.effective) criteria<br>
```mcmcList_to_mcmcOutput``` Converts mcmcList object (i.e., list of matrices containing mcmc samples from parallel chains) to a list with two elements, an mcmcOutput object and a summary table of all parameters<br>
```Derive_regression``` Applies linear model to series of parameters to derive their relationship with specified covariate. Typical use will be to derive trend for yearly population (e.g., occupancy or abundance) estimates<br>

### Data processing & manipulation
```Impute_missing_covs_rf``` Imputes missing covariate values using a random forest informed by existing values of other covariates (maintains correlation structure of a set of covariates)<br>
```SumStats_df``` Generates summary statistics for a given set of covariates<br>
```tssr``` Generates time since sunrise value provided time at a given geographic coordinate<br>
```VIF``` Generates variance inflation factors often used to screen covariates to limit multicollinearity in regression analysis<br>
```str_detect_any``` Detects which elements of a given vector contain any element of a second string vector<br>

Commit message:

ready to test
- Renamed functions for consistency in naming structure (e.g., all camel caps).
- Added option to disable automated convergence checking.
- Updated Readme.

README.md, after:

# manageNimble

## Package contents
```runNimble``` Primary function that allows parallel processing and automated convergences and sampling checks for Bayesian model fitting with Nimble<br>
```runNimbleBlock``` Base function called by `runNimble` to initiate or continue sampling and save posterior samples as a block<br>
```countNimbleBlocks``` Base function called by `runNimble` used to count saved NIMBLE blocks and calculate sampling progress<br>
```gatherNimble``` Base function called by `runNimble` used to gather and organize NIMBLE sample blocks into an mcmcOutput object<br>
```checkNimble``` Base function called by `runNimble` used to summarize posterior parameter distributions, calculate Rhat and n_effective, and assess whether convergence and MCMC sampling targets have been met<br>
```mcmcOutputSubset``` Base function that subsets mcmcOutput. Used by `checkNimble` prior to summarizing MCMC samples stored as mcmcOutput objects when not all parameters sampled need to be summarized.
